urpmi: add pages (#12025)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/urpmi-update.md

# urpmi.update

> > Mageia's command for update the list of packages from a package repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Update the list of packages from a package repository in Mageia.
```

> > NOTE: Mageia documentation uses media and repository as synonymous.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> NOTE: Mageia documentation uses medium and repository as synonymous.
```

> See also: `urpmi`, `urpme`, `urpmi.addmedia`, `urpmi.removemedia`, `urpmf`, `urpmq`.
> More information: <https://wiki.mageia.org/en/URPMI#urpmi.update>.

- Update all enabled media:

`urpmi.update -a`

> - Update specific media(s) (including not enable medias):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Update specific media (including disabled media):
```

> `urpmi.update {{media1 media2 ...}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`urpmi.update {{medium1 medium2 ...}}`
```

> - Update all media that contain a keyword:
> 
> `urpmi.update {{upd}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update all media that contain a specific keyword:

`urpmi.update {{keyword}}`
```

> - Update all medias that contain a keyword:
> 
> `urpmi.update {{Upd}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Update all media that contain a keyword:

`urpmi.update {{upd}}`
```

> - Update all configured medias:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Update all configured media:
```
